If you're watching this video, then you chose to follow this course using IntelliJ.
So in this video, we're going to download the intelligence community edition.
You can download Intel for Mac, Windows or Linux.
I left you a link in the resources folder.
The resources folder is just a small icon that you'll find close to the lecture title.
So take a second to pause the video and we will continue.
Once you're on the download page.
Download it for whatever operating system you're using.
There's only one download link for Windows, but there is two for Mac.
In that case, what you want to do is go to about this Mac.
And if your chip says Intel, then you would choose the Mac Intel installer.
Mine says AM one, so I'll choose the other installer.
The Ultimate Edition has many extra features for enterprise development that we do not need for this
course.
The community edition has everything that we need, minus all of the bells and whistles.
Okay.
Our download is finished.
And I'm good to go.
Open up IntelliJ.
You can feel free to customize your theme.
I'm going to stick with Mac OS Lite.
I'm going to choose an ID font of 16.
And as far as plug ins go, we're not going to add any more plug ins than what we've already been provided.
And that's really it.
You download it IntelliJ and now we can start using it.